cma user manual (#24)
rssoftwareab/arrigo-support: docs/arrigo_calculated_meter_user_manual.md

# Calculated meter User Manual

## Key rules

> - Calculated meters ONLY handles events after lock date on the calculated meter. All events before lock date are omitted. 
> - To be able to run the formula and store a meter value for the calculated meter, **ALL** inputs for the given timestamp and resolution **MUST** have a value. The function **MUST** return a scalar value. If these conditions are true, the calculated value is stored.
> - All calculations overwrites current calculated value.
> - Deletion of an inputs value causes the calculated value to be deleted as well. This is recursive.
> 
> * On calculated meter delete, The calculated meter is removed from the buckets and no further calculations will be done for it.
> 
> * On formula change, the formula updates. All meterValues from the calculated meter lock date are recalculated using the new formula.
> 
> ### Recalculation of meter values for calculated meters occurs when:
> 
> - Any input changes
> 
> - Input sort order changes
> 
> - Any input value changes
> 
> - Formula changes
> 
> - Lock date for the calculated meter changes
> 
> - Factor of the meter changes
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calculated meters ONLY handles events after lock date on the calculated meter. All events before lock date are omitted. 
- To be able to run the formula and store a meter value for the calculated meter, **ALL** inputs for the given timestamp and resolution **MUST** have a value. The function **MUST** return a scalar value. If these conditions are true, the calculated value is stored.
- All calculations overwrites current calculated value.
- Deletion of an inputs value causes the calculated value to be deleted as well. This is recursive.
- On calculated meter delete, no further calculations will be done for it.
- On formula change, the formula updates. All meter values from the calculated meter lock date are recalculated using the new formula.
- On formula error, all calculated values for that meter will be set 0,

### Recalculation of meter values for calculated meters occurs when:

- Any input changes
- Input sort order changes
- Any input value changes
- Formula changes
- Lock date for the calculated meter changes
- Factor of the meter changes
```
